# Aeon
About: AEON was launched on 6.6.2014 at 6:00 PM UTC, with no premine or instamine. AEON is for people who want to pay and live freely, who want to be part of the cryptocurrency revolution and want to try something new. It is based on the CryptoNote protocol and uses the CryptoNight-Lite[1] algorithm, and features: - True anonymity &amp; data protection - Untraceable payments uses ring signature - Unlinkable transactions with random data by the sender - Blockchain analysis resistant - CPU/GPU mining, ASIC-resistant   Roadmap April 26, 2015 - new roadmap announced Mobile-friendly PoW and block time (released) GUI wallet (in progress) 32-bit and ARM support (released, but requires low memory footprint below) Low memory footprint (in progress) Signature trimming  Blockchain pruning (test release available) Multisig and payment channels (instant payments)   Development Team: Lead developer: smooth Release engineering, Q/A, support: Arux Other roles: open (PM smooth) Original developer (as Monero fork): anonymous   Bounties: None currently open. You can send donations for the AEON bounty fund and development. Code: AEON address: WmsSWgtT1JPg5e3cK41hKXSHVpKW7e47bjgiKmWZkYrhSS5LhRemNyqayaSBtAQ6517eo5PtH9wxHVmM78JDZSUu2W8PqRiNs View Key: 71bf19a7348ede17fa487167710dac401ef1556851bfd36b76040facf051630b   Specifications: PoW algorithm: CryptoNight-Lite[1] Max supply: ~18.4 million[2] Block reward: Smoothly varying using the formula (M−A) / (218) / (1012) where M = 264 −1 and A = supply mined to date.[3] Block time: 240 seconds[3] Difficulty: Retargets at every block RPC-bind-port: 11180 P2P-bind-port: 11181   Downloads: Current release 0.9.6.0 (source code, 64 bit Windows binaries) bootstrap for linux-x64 (by community member Phantas 2016-03-10) bootstrap for Windows-x64 (by community member Phantas 2016-03-11) bootstrap for OS X (by community member sammy007 2015-08-08) GUI for Windows 0.2.3 (by community member h0g0f0g0, src.zip, sha1) Instructions to compile on Windows (provided by community member cryptrol): see bottom of this post Recommended: Use caution with community-provided downloads, check reputation and scan for malware Recommended: Use the --donate option when starting the daemon to donate a portion of your computer power to support the project and the network   Links &amp; Resources: Trading:  - Bittrex - AEON/BTC  - Cryptopia - AEON/BTC (also has DOGE and LTC pairs)  - OTC thread - AEON/XMR  - Speculation thread (moderated by americanpegasus) Pools:  - http://52.8.47.33:8080 - Arux's personal pool (2% fee)  - http://98.238.231.31:9000 - The Cryptophilanthropist (2% fee) Block Explorers:  - Chainradar  - Minergate Community:  - Reddit  - Steem  - Twitter  - IRC channel #aeon @ Freenode (Webchat Link) Dead Links / Outdated: cryptocointalk white paper   Mining: 1. Compile from source code. 2. Launch aeond and wait until it is synchronized. 3. Launch simplewallet --generate-new-wallet=wallet_name.bin --pass=12345 4. Start mining from the wallet using start_mining command   Windows Compilation: (provided by community member cryptrol) Compile steps for Windows x64 using MSVC First of all let's get all the tools we need : - Download and install Microsoft Visual Studio Community 2013 (It's a free version of visual studio with some license limitations).   You can uncheck the web development tools and SQL tools since you won't use them for building AEON.   This will take time to download and install and you will have to reboot upon completion. - Download and install cMake for windows from : http://www.cmake.org/download/ (Win32 install) - Download Boost 1.57 from http://www.boost.org/users/download/ , use the zip or 7zip archive and extract.   You can use c:\boost_1_57_0 since this is what I am using for this steps. - Download and install Github for Windows from https://windows.github.com/ (This also includes a Git shell that we will use later).  Now the nasty part compile &amp; build time ! - Build Boost :   Open a command line and type : Code:  > cd c:\boost_1_57_0   > bootstrap.bat   > b2 --toolset=msvc variant=release link=static threading=multi runtime-link=static address-model=64 - Open the Git Shell (or Git bash) depending what you downloaded previously and do. Code:  > git clone https://github.com/aeonix/aeon.git   > cd aeon   > mkdir build   > cd build   > cmake -G "Visual Studio 12 Win64" -DBOOST_ROOT=c:\boost_1_57_0 -DBOOST_LIBRARYDIR=c:\boost_1_57_0\stage\lib ..   > MSBuild Project.sln /p:Configuration=release /m    You should now find the exe files under build/src/release . Aeon isn't a cryptocurrency. It's a lifestyle. It's about polished perfection, attained by breaking the rules with calculated mastery of the art. It's about respecting history and pushing innovation forward at the same time. It's about more than just math: it's a vision of a world where luxury is the same as entry-level, and the limits are the heavens themselves. If you're just buying Aeon to get rich, don't even bother. Aeon needs more than just the next wave of crypto speculators: we're looking for the truly elite. But if you think you have what it takes to redefine global finance and discover new magnitudes of wealth in the process... Well, Aeon is ready for you. Are you ready for Aeon? 
